Docs: Reorganize Configuration Documentation (#13837)
eslint/eslint: docs/user-guide/configuring/plugins.md

# Plugins

* [Specifying Parser](#specifying-parser)
* [Specifying Processor](#specifying-processor)
* [Configuring Plugins](#configuring-plugins)

## Specifying Parser

By default, ESLint uses [Espree](https://github.com/eslint/espree) as its parser. You can optionally specify that a different parser should be used in your configuration file so long as the parser meets the following requirements:

> 1. It must be a Node module loadable from the config file where it appears. Usually, this means you should install the parser package separately using npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. It must be a Node module loadable from the config file where the parser is used. Usually, this means you should install the parser package separately using npm.
```
